Ideas:
  1. A basic chat application, similar to discord (Possibly also translates things to other languages or emojis)
    The idea would be an application that you can use to send messages between users of different computers, possibly restricting or modifying
    what is said in an effort to get users to think more creativley about how they communicate. One idea would be to limit the amount of vowels that
    could be in a message, or translate certain parts of a message to a differnt language.
    
    Target users would probably just be friends or family as a cool thing that I made. I would be interested to see how our methods of communicating
    adapt to what restrictions that I would impose via the app.
    
    My first instinct would be to make it a program that you download on a desktop or computer, but it would also fit a smart phone pretty well.
    
    My enthusiasim for this would be around a 4 out of 5
  
  2. A action platformer
    I would want to make a platformer similar to some of the games that I play. It would have multiple levels, enemies, a save system, and health.
    This, like my other project ideas would be less about solving a problem and more about me trying to explore what I'm capable of as a programmer.
    
    Target users would be people who enjoy playing video games. I wouldn't want someone who hates video games to try and play it
    
    I think this would be best as a downloaded program that you would play on a desktop or laptop computer
    
    My enthusiasim for this is 4.5. I think I would enjoy this the most, but it would be the least relevant to getting me prepared for a career
    and it might not be considered complex enough without adding new and creative mechanics.
    
  3. An app that you would have open on you phone to help you concentrate
    The idea is based off of an app that I have heard was available for iPhones, where if you are about to start studying, you open the app on
    your phone and it plants a virtual tree that would finish growing after a time that you set. If you try to use your phone for other things like
    youtube by closing the app, your tree would die. My app would be similar to that (Not necessarily based around trees), but on android.
    It would help the user concentrate.
    
    Target users would be students
    
    This would be a phone based app, although I could make a web browser equivalent
    
    My enthusiasim for this is around a 3. I'm not sure how I could make it much more complicated
    
My prefered choice is split between the chat app and the video game. I would probably have a lot more fun making the video game, but I also want 
to use this class to get me more prepared for a job after college, and I think that chat app would be better for that. I don't really think the 
patience app would be a great choice since I could probably find something similar online of I looked hard enough.
