Friday, 4/9/2021

As of now, I am feeling a lot more confident in my ability to complete this project. I have gotten the sockets woriking
and I have some kind of user interface for both the server host as well as the client. I had a very persistent issue
of the user interface freezing for the client, which made it impossible to demonstrate the application and thus needed to 
be scrapped. After re-writting parts of the socket code to make it not just a single while true loop, I was able to get
the UI working properly, and then I actually made a more fleshed out UI. It still has room for improvement of course, 
especially since there is no UI element for features that I have not added in yet, such as translation or username/password
log in information.

Now that I have a basic userinterface, I want to begin to integrate a database of some sort. My first reaction is to
try to begin storingchat in a database for the purposes of helping with translation and with people joining a chat server 
late, but a user account database for the purposes of stpring and utilizing log in information would probably be useful,
and also not to difficult to implement. It would also be something more flashy to show to people in the next reporting out,
since the chat database would not have its own UI elements in the way that a log in screen would. 

To be more specific about my goals, I am torn between wither a database for chat messages, or a database for log in
information, which would include a log in screen for the user interface. The log in screen might take around 3 hours,
assuming no major issues and including any time I might need to spend re-learning how to use the json module effectivley.
I think that the chat message database might take a similar amount of time since both of these are implementations of 
server side databases that the client would pull from when first connecting, but I assume that the chat database would be
slightly more complicated since it would be updated everytime someone sends a message or joins.

As for resources, I will still be using the Pycharm program to write the code, as well as the various python modules, such
as sockets, tkinter and JSON. I don't see much reason to change that as my tools have not caused me any problems so far.
Any resources that I will use to better understand the python modules that I will work with will most likley just be the
first search result for whatever specific problem I have at the time, and thus I can't really predict what that will be.
